	Interpolation tool

To run:
You will need the following files to successfully run the interpolation tool:
  - file.list : a list of the fld files containing the data to be 
                interpolated.  (.fld00 or .f00000 format)
  - The files listed in file.list
  - A .box file matching the data in file.list, to describe the mesh
  - If using SEM interpolation, a .box file describing the new geometry
    to map the old data to.
  - If using non-uniform interpolation, file, new.geom containing the points
    to map the data too.  These should be formatted as:
          total_pts_in_x
          x0
          x1
          ...xN
          total_pts_in_y
          y0
          y1
          ...yN
          total_pts_in_z(if 3D)
          z0
          z1
          ...zN

1) First Select a uniform interpolation (common for FFT), SEM interpolation
or a non-uniform interpolation(to be specified in a seperate user-supplied
file)


2) Specify the file format when prompted.  This must match what is found
in the files containing the initial data.

   NOTE: There must be a file, file.list, containing the names of the 
   files where the data will be found.  Currently, there are 3 possible 
   formats the tool will understand.  Standard .fld in ASCII, .fld in
   binary, and 0.f0000? in binary.  Enter the appropriate format when
   prompted

3) Enter the full name of the .box file describing the original geometry 
of the data found in the files to be opened in file.list.  

4) If Uniform Interpolation: enter the TOTAL number of points in each 1D
   direction.  If periodic, there will be a h/2 shift to the left for 
   each point.  If not periodic, the end result will be N+1 points.

   If SEM Interpolation: enter the .box file describing the new geometry
   to map to.  Also, enter the polynomial order to be used for the new
   mapping.
  
   If Non-Uniform Interpolation: The code will look for new.geom, as 
   described above, for the new geometry.

5) Formatted Output(y/n)?  Yes will result in an ASCII file, whereas No 
will result in binary files.  For uniformed interpolation, no header is 
outputted.  SEM interpolation outputs a full header and file compatible 
for use within NEK5000.

This tool can interpolate multiple files at once, assuming the geometry 
is the same.

Also, it is currently only reading in with 4-byte precision.
